[DependencyInjection] Add `#[Autoconfigure]` to help define autoconfiguration rules (#39804)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/DependencyInjection/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

> 5.3.0
> -----
> 
>  * added support for loading autoconfiguration rules via the `#[Autoconfigure]` attribute on PHP 8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.3
---

 * Add support for loading autoconfiguration rules via the `#[Autoconfigure]` attribute on PHP 8
```

---

 * Add `ServicesConfigurator::remove()` in the PHP-DSL

>  * Add support for loading autoconfiguration rules via the `#[Autoconfigure]` attribute on PHP 8

Reviewer 2: ``` and `#[AutoconfigureTag]` attributes```

Author: updated.
